---
keywords: "Imprint, Contact"
description: Imprint
title: Imprint
---

On this website, I am documenting my arts project ‚Äútipping points‚Äù
that I am pursuing in my spare time and without any intent of profit.

## Responsible for the content (pursuant to ¬ß5 TMG):

    J√ºrgen Reuter
    Rheinstra√üe 86
    76185 Karlsruhe
    Germany
    Phone +49 721 75 29 61
    eMail: reuter_j [at] web [dot] de

## Picture Credits

The copyright of all internally linked pictures, i.e. those served
directly from this website (marked with the symbol üîó), is owned by me
unless explicitly otherwise stated, or owned by an immediate relative
of my family.  Links to external pictures are marked with the symbol
<img src="../images/external-link.svg" />.  However, icons may neither
be marked as internal or external link due to constraints in the
layout of the website; in such cases, the picture source can be
extracted from the HTML/CSS code or shown in prevailing browsers with
the built-in picture information function.

## Disclaimer

I try to keep the information contained herein as correct, complete
and up-to-date to the best of my knowledge and belief.  However, this
website, including the content provided, will be made available to the
user without any warranty or guarantees whatsoever, either implied or
expressly.  Access and use of this website is at the user‚Äôs own risk.

I am not responsible or liable for damage arising from or in
connection with the access and / or use of this website.

Hyperlinks to third party websites do not imply any agreement on my
part with the content displayed on such sites, and I am not
responsible for the availability of these websites.  Establishing a
connection to these websites is at the user‚Äôs own risk.  Statements
and opinions published on such websites do not necessarily correspond
with my own opinion.
